Page  1:
nar: staffsry Bath time for Chunnu and Munnu  Author: Rohini Nilekani  weave r Illustrators: Sonal Goyal, Sumit Sakhuja  Translator: Rohini Nilekani
Page  2:
nar: Yay! It is bath time for Chunnu and Munnu, Today, Mama sings a new rhyme for Chunnu and Munnu La la la la...
Page  3:
nar: It is bath time for Chunnu and Munnu,  Mama washes all the dirt off Chunnu and Munnu Scrub-a-dub-a-dub...
Page  4:
Page  5:
nar: It is bath time for Chunnu and Munnu,  Mama runs to catch naughty Chunnu and Munnu Ha ha ha ha...
Page  6:
nar: Bath time is over for Chunnu and Munnu, Mama hugs clean-clean Chunnu and Munnu Mmmmmm
Page  7:
nar: Bath time is over for Chunnu and Munnu, But tying up pyjamas is hard for Chunnu and Munnu Oh oh aah....
Page  8:
nar: Bath time is over for Chunnu and Munnu, Yay! It is dinner time for Chunnu and Munnu Yum yum yum...
Page  9:
nar: Dinner time is over for Chunnu and Munnu, Nana and Nani are waiting to kiss Chunnu and Munnu Mwaah, Mwaah, Mwaah...
Page  10:
nar: _.-' . 5.1
one:  ___ ' - ' \II Wiz-w I’ﬁiéi . , r 1k fi. #1:,  ‘mg 
nar: Km 3%' , 2%; 11.Today's play time is over for Chunnu and Munnu,Sweet dreams now for Chunnu and Munnu22222...10
Page  11:
nar: This book was made possible by Pratham Books' StoryWeaver platform. Content under Creative  PRATHAM BOOKS Commons licenses can be downloaded, translated and can even be used to create new stories - ti:- provided you give appropriate credit, and indicate if changes were made. To know more about this, s \l_ I :‘rywe ave r and the full terms of use and attribution, please visit the following link.  Story Attribution:  This story. Bath time for Chunnu and Munnuis translated by— Rohini Nilekani. The © for this translation lies with Pratham Books, 2015. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY4. 0 license. Based on Original story. ‘w’, by Rohini Nilekani. © Storyweaver, Pratham Books, 2015. Some rights reserved.  Released under CC BY 4.0 license.  Illustration Attributions:  Cover page: Children bathing and playing in water, by Sonal Goyal, Sumit Sakhuja © Pratham Books, 2015. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 2: Mother turning the tap on and children playing by Sonal Goyal, Sumit Sakhuia © Pratham Books, 2015. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 3: Mother bathing her children, by Sonal Goyal, Sumit Sakhuja © Pratham Books, 2015. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 4: Mother watching her children bathing and playing in watertub by Sonal Goyal, Sumit Sakhuja © Pratham Books, 2015. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 5: Children running from their mother after bathing by Sonal Goyal, Sumit Sakhuja © Pratham Books, 2015. Some rights reserved. Released under  CC BY 4.0 license. Page 6: Mother wiping her children with towel after their bath by Sonal Goyal, Sumit Sakhuia © Pratham Books, 2015. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 7: Children putting on clothes with the help of mother, by Sonal Goyal, Sumit Sakhuja © Pratham Books, 2015. Some rights  reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 8: Mother feeding her children at the dining table by Sonal Goyal, Sumit Sakhuja © Pratham Books, 2015. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 9: Children playing with their grandparents, by Sonal Goyal, Sumit Sakhuia © Pratham Books, 2015. Some  rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 10: Mother saying goodnight to her children, by Sonal Goyal, Sumit Sakhuia © Pratham Books, 2015. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license.  Disclaimer: htt s: www.stor weaver.or .in terms and conditions  Some rights reserved. This book is CC-BY-4.0 licensed. You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission.  For full terms of use and attribution, http:llcreativecommons.org[licenses[by[4.0[
Page  12:
nar: Bath time for Chunnu and Munnu  (E I h) Join Chunnu and Munnu as they splash about while having a bath. A ng IS fun read-aloud and a great way to say goodnight.  This is a Level ‘I book for children who are eager to begin reading.  as»? age PRATHAM BOOKS 95
two:  W9» 
nar: :s51: I Ywe ave rPratham Books goes digital to weave a whole new chapter in the realm of multilingual children‘s stories. Knitting together children, authors, illustrators andpublishers. Folding in teachers, and translators. To create a rich fabric of openly licensed multilingual stories for the children of India and the world. Our uniqueonline platform, StoryWeaver, is a playground where children, parents, teachers and librarians can get creative. Come, start weaving today, and help us get abook in every child's hand!
