Page  1:
nar: Cube Cat, Cone Cat  PRATHAM Authors: Praba Ram, Sheela Preuitt  BOOKS Illustrator: Rajiv Eipe A Book in Every Child's Hand
Page  2:
nar: Cat on a TRIANGLE roof
Page  3:
nar: Cat in a RECTANGLE window
Page  4:
nar: Ice CUBE on a shi-ver-ing cat     Meoww... bnrnbnT
Page  5:
nar: Cat with a RHOMBUS Kite
Page  6:
nar: E mR 0A.m tua aQO CSb
Page  7:
nar: Meoww... scratch... scratch  A tree trunk CYLINDER for a H-A- P-P-Y cat
Page  8:
nar: Cat on a CIRCLE mat
Page  9:
nar: OVAL mirror  n a .m t a C
Page  10:
nar: An ice cream CONE for a S-U-N-N-Y cat  Meoww... slurp... slurp         10
Page  11:
nar: Cat near a HEXAGON honeycomb
Page  12:
nar: aT nN 0G as CR C  moon     12
Page  13:
nar: A  samosa PYRAMID  for a hun-gry cat
Page  14:
nar: huh.     1. TRIANGLE 2. SQUARE  3. RECTANGLE  4. OVAL  5. CIRCLE  14
Page  15:
nar: 1. CUBE  2. CYLINDER  3. CONE  4. PYRAMID  5. SPHERE  15
Page  16:
nar: Can you look around and find any more SHAPES and CATS?  16
Page  17:
nar: This book was made possible by Pratham Books' StoryWeaver platform. Content under Creative  
one: ’yx PRATHAM BOOKS Commons licenses can be downloaded, translated and can even be used to create new stories - t ‘1 
nar: K provided you give appropriate credit, and indicate if changes were made. To know more about this,s '17) rywe ave r and the full terms of use and attribution, please visit the following link.Story Attribution:This story: Cube Cat, Cone Catis written by Praba Ram Sheela Preuitt. © Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license.Other Credits:'Cube Cat, Cone Cat' has been published on StoryWeaver by Pratham Books. The development of this book has been supported by HDFC Asset ManagementCompany Limited- a joint Venture with Standard Life Investments. www.prathambooks.org Illustration Attributions:Cover page: A cat and a rat playing in the midst of geometrically shaped toysby Raiiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0license. Page 2: A rat and a cat on a triangular roof of a hutby Rajiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 3: Acat watching a rat eat a slice of bread, by Rajiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 4: A rat with a cube sittingon a yellow box, a cat with an ice tray, by Raiiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 5: Cat and a rat flying am, by Raiiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 6: Cat and a rat playing scrabble, by Raiiv Eipe © PrathamBooks, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 7: Cat rolling about a tree stump with a rat sitting on oneby Rajiv Eipe © PrathamBooks, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 8: Cat and a rat sleeping cosily on a round mat by Raiiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016.Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 9: Cat brushing her teeth and a rat looking in the mirrorby Raiiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016. Somerights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 10: A crow on a branch looking down at a rat and a cat licking ice creams on the streetby Rajiv Eipe ©Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 11:A cat beekeeper approaching a honeycomb with a slice of breadby RajivE_i;E© Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license.Disclaimer: htt s: www.stor weaver.or .in terms and conditionsSome rights reserved. This book is CC-BY-4.0 licensed. You can copy, modify, distributeand perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission.For full terms of use and attribution, http:llcreativecommons.org[licenses[by[4.0[
Page  18:
nar: K provided you give appropriate credit, and indicate if changes were made. To know more about this,s '17) rywe ave r and the full terms of use and attribution, please visit the following link.Illustration Attributions:Page 12: Cat and a rat in space by Raiiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 13: Cat and a rat lookingreedil at a samosa late on the table by Raiiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 14: Cat and a rat lookingup at geometric shapes, by Rajiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 15: Cat and a rat lying down on a globelooking up at 3-D shapes, by Rajiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 16: A cat and a rat looking through apair of binoculars in a room full of cats and objects of varied shapes, by Raiiv Eipe © Pratham Books, 2016. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Disclaimer: htt s: www.stor weaver.or .in terms and conditionsSome rights reserved. This book is CC-BY-4.0 licensed. You can copy, modify, distributeand perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission.For full terms of use and attribution, http:llcreativecommons.org[licenses[by[4.0[
Page  19:
nar: Cube Cat, Cone Cat  (E I h) The cat in this book loves shapes. Have fun following the cat and his n 9 IS little friend and look at all the shapes that they see.  This is a Level 2 book for children who recognize familiar words and can read new words with help.  Mk PRATHAM BOOKS  Pratham Books goes digital to weave a whole new chapter in the realm of multilingual children‘s stories. Knitting together children, authors, illustrators and publishers. Folding in teachers, and translators. To create a rich fabric of openly licensed multilingual stories for the children of India and the world. Our unique  online platform, StoryWeaver, is a playground where children, parents, teachers and librarians can get creative. Come, start weaving today, and help us get a book in every child's hand!
