Page  1:
nar: The Magic Block  Author: Lavina Mahbubani Illustrator: Rohit Karandadi  _ PRATHAM l—l BOOKS  A Book in Every Child's Hand
Page  2:
nar: Rinky loves her elder brother’s handwriting. He writes with a very special shiny ink pen.
Page  3:
nar: One day, when Bhaiya is not at home, Rinky looks for his pen. She slides open his drawer.
Page  4:
nar: Out go his books! Out goes a stapler! Out goes a metal ruler!
Page  5:
nar: At the bottom of the drawer, Rinky finds his special pen. But what’s that? A strange black block is stuck to it.
Page  6:
nar: Rinky pulls the pen and the block apart. But then...  Plink, click!  A bottle-capjumps and sticks to the block! Rinky giggles with delight.     Can things stick to this block like magic?
Page  7:
nar: Does the stapler stick to this block? Plink, click! Yes, it sticks.  Does the furry cat stick to it? No, it does not.
Page  8:
nar: Does the metal ruler stick to this block? Plink, click! Yes, it sticks.
Page  9:
nar: Does this hairy brown coconut stick to it? No, it does not.
Page  10:
nar: The hairy coconut tickles Rinky’s nose. AH-CHOO! She sneezes loudly. The pen flies out of her hand and disappears under the bed. Rinky is worried. Bhaiya will be back soon!  10
Page  11:
nar: She sticks her hand under the bed. Oh no! She can't reach the pen.  11
Page  12:
nar: She tries to reach the pen with the ruler. Oh no! The pen slides further away. If only there was a way to bring the pen closer to her.
Page  13:
nar: Suddenly, Rinky has an idea.  The best idea ever!  13
Page  14:
nar: Rinky brings the black block near the ruler. Plink, click! It sticks!  She then holds the ruler under  the bed and stretches her hand.  Stretch, stretch, stretch...     14
Page  15:
nar: Plink, click! Guess what sticks to the block?     15
Page  16:
nar: Quick! Quick! Bhaiya will be home soon.  In go the pen and the black block. In go the books and stapler. In goes the metal ruler.  Rinky slides the drawer shut  16
Page  17:
nar: Just in time! She hears the door slam, and Bhaiya walks into the room. 
one: Rinky,
nar:  says Bhaiya, 
one: Why is there a coconut on the floor?
nar:   17
Page  18:
nar: The Secret of the Magic Block  The magic block in the story is called a bar magnet. Magnets come in many shapes. They can be round, rectangular, square or U-shaped.  A magnet cannot stick to all objects. It can only stick to certain objects that have special elements in them. These special elements that allow an object to stick to a magnet are iron, nickel, steel and cobah.  18
Page  19:
nar: Which of these do you think will stick to a magnet?  19
Page  20:
nar: This book was made possible by Pratham Books' StoryWeaver platform. Content under Creative  
two: ’yx PRATHAM BOOKS Commons licenses can be downloaded, translated and can even be used to create new stories - t ‘1 
nar: \ provided you give appropriate credit, and indicate if changes were made. To know more about this,s '17) rywe ave r and the full terms of use and attribution, please visit the following link.Story Attribution:This story: The Magic Block is written by Lavina Mahbubani .© Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license.Other Credits:This book was first published on StoryWeaver by Pratham Books. The development of this book has been supported by Oracle. Guest Editor: Karishma Mahbubani,Art Director: Kaveri GopalakrishnanIllustration Attributions:Cover page: Girl looks at magnet by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 2: Girl looking atbrother write, by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 3: Girl searches through drawer, by RohitKarandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 4: Hands throwing stapler and pen, by Rohit Karandadi ©Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 5: Girl looks at magnet and pen, by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018.Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 6: Girl holds pen and magnet by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved.Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 7: Girl and magnet and cat by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0license. Page 8: Girl and magnet on a bed, by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 9: Girl andcoconut, by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 10: Girl iumps on bed, by Rohit Karandadi ©Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 11: Girl reaching out for pen, by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Somerights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Disclaimer: htt s: www.stor eaver.or .in terms and conditionsSome rights reserved. This book is CC-BY-4.0 licensed. You can copy, modify, distributeand perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission.For full terms of use and attribution, http:llcreativecommons.org(licenses[by(4.0[ The development of this book has been supported by Oracle.
Page  21:
nar: \ provided you give appropriate credit, and indicate if changes were made. To know more about this,s '17) rywe ave r and the full terms of use and attribution, please visit the following link.Illustration Attributions:Page 12: Girl under bed by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 13: Girl searching under bed, byRohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 14: Girl exploring, by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books,2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 15: HappLgirl, by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Releasedunder CC BY 4.0 license. Page 16: Girl in a hurry, by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 17:B_oyand girl look at coconut, by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 18: Magnet&cat&stapler, by Ro_hitKarandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Page 19: Suitcase and bucket and necklace and nail and bottle andfridge, by Rohit Karandadi © Pratham Books, 2018. Some rights reserved. Released under CC BY 4.0 license. Disclaimer: htt s: www.stor eaver.or .in terms and conditionsSome rights reserved. This book is CC-BY-4.0 licensed. You can copy, modify, distributeand perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission.For full terms of use and attribution, http:llcreativecommons.org(licenses[by(4.0[ The development of this book has been supported by Oracle.
Page  22:
